hello Edward capir I'd like to declare a
ceasefire in my war on teenage Christian
boys hello my peep heat you all now as
you may have noticed some parts of your
body are growing faster than others and
certain activities of the flesh whether
it's watching through buddies climb a
rope in gym class or even wrestling with
your buddies at a sleepover
faster-faster-faster buddy buddy lead a
young man to the mtv what i'm trying to
say is it's a sin to spill your seed
with your buddies and have to tell you
what that means this kind of seed comes
out of your you know your peepee okay
and leaves a stain on your shit except
that's not all it does when you load
your buddies to trumpet you're loading
millions and millions and millions and
millions and millions and millions of
tiny microscopic angels it's wicked from
your own filthy filthy pleasure now I
was a young boy once and believe me I
spent many long hours alone in my
bedroom beating my tool so I know what
it's like and I realize young people
need my tool take I'm not Jesus people
are animals we are not blessed vessels
created in God's of sex organs being
fruitful and multiplying in the dark and
it's a long pee pee the important thing
is when you go to bed at night that's
when the devil comes in and it's when
you as a healthy young teenager lay with
my peep peep or are at your weakest now
one thing I found really effective spill
your seed on the Bible I beat my wife
hug hug hug hug hug hug